Query builder template mode (#620)
VictoriaMetrics/victorialogs-datasource: CHANGELOG.md

## tip

> * FEATURE: add a visual query builder. Construct queries by chaining typed pipes (`filter`, `aggregate`, `modify`, `sort`, `limit`, `custom`) through an interactive UI with field name/value dropdowns and keyboard navigation. See [Query builder](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/victorialogs-datasource/blob/main/src/README.md#query-builder) docs and [#578](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/victorialogs-datasource/issues/578).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* FEATURE: add a visual query builder. Construct queries by chaining typed pipes (`filter`, `aggregate`, `modify`, `sort`, `limit`, `custom`) through an interactive UI with field name/value dropdowns and keyboard navigation. See [Query builder](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/integrations/grafana/#query-builder) docs and [#578](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/victorialogs-datasource/issues/578).
```
